README.md, before:

# Codecheckers Team

This repo collects all information about people conducting CODECHECKs as part of the [CODECHECK community](https://codecheck.org.uk/guide/community-process).

## Find a codechecker

You can take a look at the codecheckers table, [`codecheckers.csv`](codecheckers.csv) to find a suitable codechecker.
Please check the codechecker is currently not busy with too many CODECHECKs already (TBD).

## Sign up

If you want to [get involved](https://codecheck.org.uk/get-involved) as a codechecker, we need to run through the following steps:

1. Codechecker (you!) opens an issue **[using this link](https://github.com/codecheckers/codecheckers/issues/new?assignees=nuest&labels=registration&template=codechecker-registration.md&title=Register+as+codechecker)** (with an issue template)
2. Community manager welcomes the new codechecker and makes sure all required information is there.
3. Communtiy manager saves information in the "database"
4. Community manager adds the new codechecker to the [Codecheckers Team](https://github.com/orgs/codecheckers/teams/codecheckers)
5. Close the sign-up issue.

------

[About CODECHECK](https://codecheck.org.uk/)

Commit message:

fix codecheckers db file format, add first "find a checker" process

README.md, after:

# Codecheckers Team

This repo collects all information about people conducting CODECHECKs as part of the [CODECHECK community](https://codecheck.org.uk/guide/community-process).

## Find a codechecker

You can take a look at the codecheckers table, [`codecheckers.csv`](codecheckers.csv) to find a suitable codechecker.
If you have a good candidate, please check the codechecker is currently not busy with too many CODECHECKs already (see assigned issues in the [CODECHECK register](https://github.com/codecheckers/register/)).
Alternatively, you can @-mention the [codecheckers team](https://github.com/orgs/codecheckers/teams/codecheckers) in the issue for managing the codecheck and ask around for interested codecheckers by adding `@codecheckers/codecheckers` to an issue comment.

## Sign up

If you want to [get involved](https://codecheck.org.uk/get-involved) as a codechecker, we need to run through the following steps:

1. Codechecker (you!) opens an issue **[using this link](https://github.com/codecheckers/codecheckers/issues/new?assignees=nuest&labels=registration&template=codechecker-registration.md&title=Register+as+codechecker)** (with an issue template)
2. Community manager welcomes the new codechecker and makes sure all required information is there.
3. Communtiy manager saves information in the "database"
4. Community manager adds the new codechecker to the [Codecheckers Team](https://github.com/orgs/codecheckers/teams/codecheckers)
5. Close the sign-up issue.

------

[About CODECHECK](https://codecheck.org.uk/)
