.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/codechecker-registration.md, before:

---
name: Codechecker registration
about: Register as a codechecker
title: Register as codechecker
labels: registration
assignees: nuest

---

<!-- Thank you for becoming a codechecker! These HTML comments will not render in the issue, but you can delete them once you've read them if you prefer!

Here is some information on the data requested below:

- ORCID is needed for the checks anyway, and we hope this will have updated contact information in the future
- Contact is important if your ORCID does not have an email, e.g., institutional or personal website or ideally just an email that will work for a long time
- Fields/domains of expertise is a lower case list of stuff you have experience with, which may help us to increase the chance of you being familiar with a workflow/tool you shall check
- Programming language(s) and experience levels, e.g., "R (intermediate)", "nomic data analysis with MatLab", "spatial data analysis with Python (basic)"; don't worry about experience level too much, anyone should be able to check any workflow given proper documentation; we acknowledge that a CODECHECK can be conducted more efficiently if there is some familiarity with the used tools. -->

<!-- EXAMPLE:

```
Christina Codechecker,@christina_the_codechecker,0000-0001-0002-0003,see ORCID page,"neuroscience, models, HPC","R, Matlab"
```

-->

Your data:

```csv
name,@GitHub-handle,ORCID ID (not url),contact (or "see ORCID page" - ONLY IF your profile has a public email),"fields","languages"
```

<!-- Extra information, completely optional, but interesting for us to know. PLEASE DELETE IF YOU PREFER NOT TO ANSWER -->

------

How did you hear about CODECHECK?

...

What is your motivation to contribute to CODECHECK? E.g., improving coding skills, giving back to community, supporting reproducible research/open science, etc.

...

How much time would you be able to spend on codechecking (e.g., compared to time spend reviewing papers)?

...

Commit message:

ask about ERC status in issue template
related to #29

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/codechecker-registration.md, after:

---
name: Codechecker registration
about: Register as a codechecker
title: Register as codechecker
labels: registration
assignees: nuest

---

<!-- Thank you for becoming a codechecker! These HTML comments will not render in the issue, but you can delete them once you've read them if you prefer!

Here is some information on the data requested below:

- ORCID is needed for the checks anyway, and we hope this will have updated contact information in the future
- Contact is important if your ORCID does not have an email, e.g., institutional or personal website or ideally just an email that will work for a long time
- Fields/domains of expertise is a lower case list of stuff you have experience with, which may help us to increase the chance of you being familiar with a workflow/tool you shall check
- Programming language(s) and experience levels, e.g., "R (intermediate)", "nomic data analysis with MatLab", "spatial data analysis with Python (basic)"; don't worry about experience level too much, anyone should be able to check any workflow given proper documentation; we acknowledge that a CODECHECK can be conducted more efficiently if there is some familiarity with the used tools. -->

<!-- EXAMPLE:

```
Christina Codechecker,@christina_the_codechecker,0000-0001-0002-0003,see ORCID page,"neuroscience, models, HPC","R, Matlab"
```

-->

Your data:

```csv
name,@GitHub-handle,ORCID ID (not url),contact (or "see ORCID page" - ONLY IF your profile has a public email),"fields","languages"
```

<!-- Extra information, completely optional, but interesting for us to know. PLEASE DELETE IF YOU PREFER NOT TO ANSWER -->

------

How did you hear about CODECHECK?

_I ..._

What is your motivation to contribute to CODECHECK? E.g., improving coding skills, giving back to community, supporting reproducible research/open science, etc.

_My motivation is ..._

How much time would you be able to spend on codechecking (e.g., compared to time spend reviewing papers)?

_About/at least/not more than ..._

Are you an early career researcher (ECR)? (someone within 8 years of the award of the PhD; not yet transitioned to independent researcher)

_Yes/No_
